New: documentation for the Stripe subscription flow for Cloud (#35)
crate/cloud-getting-started: docs/cluster-deployment/index.rst

Deploy a cluster from scratch
=============================

This set of tutorials explains how to subscribe and deploy your cluster on
CrateDB Cloud. The first step is always to sign up with our own service. If you
have not yet done so, please refer to :ref:`the signup tutorial <sign-up>`
first.

After you have signed up successfully, CrateDB Cloud offers two different
methods to subscribe and get started with deploying a cluster. The easiest and
recommended method is to sign up for CrateDB Cloud with a credit card. By

> subscribing using your credit card, the process is as simple as filling our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subscribing using your credit card, the process is as simple as filling
```

your card details and then going through the cluster deployment process.
This process is detailed step by step in the tutorial for :ref:`deploying a
cluster by credit card <cluster-deployment-stripe>`. Payment processing for

> your credit card is secure and supported by `Stripe`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
your credit card is fully PCI compliant and powered by `Stripe`_.
```
